{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f268\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f269\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f271\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f272\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f273\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f274\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f275\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f276\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f278\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f279\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f281\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f282\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f283\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f284\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f285\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f286\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid999006\rsid1323352\rsid1971292\rsid3241188\rsid3345134\rsid4596429\rsid4725238\rsid5394653\rsid6627272\rsid6704967\rsid8136780\rsid8729658\rsid9065721\rsid9133920\rsid9833485\rsid11752505
\rsid13724415\rsid14421751\rsid15018197\rsid15999529\rsid16072509\rsid16342225\rsid16388310}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title Line 1 }{\author IT SUPPORT}{\operator jeff}{\creatim\yr2011\mo6\dy29\hr11\min47}
{\revtim\yr2011\mo6\dy29\hr11\min47}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords610}{\nofchars3482}{\nofcharsws4084}{\vern24615}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont1\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9833485\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid999006\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb80\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4596429 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\cf1\insrsid4596429\charrsid4596429 Property Condition Ratings and Definitions }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid4596429\charrsid4596429 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3241188 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid4596429\charrsid4596429 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
The appraiser must select one overall condition rating for the subject property and each comparable property from the list below. The overall condition rating selected for the subject prop
erty must match the overall condition rating that was reported in the Improvements section so that it is consistent throughout the appraisal report. Multiple choices are not permitted. 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3241188 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 C1 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb80\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3241188 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 The improvements have been very
 recently constructed and have not previously been occupied. The entire structure and all components are new and the dwelling features no physical depreciation.* 
\par *}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 Note: Newly constructed improvements that feature recycled materials and/or components can b
e considered new dwellings provided that the dwelling is placed on a 100% new foundation and the recycled materials and the recycled components have been rehabilitated/re-manufactured into like-new condition. Recently constructed improvements that have no
t been previously occupied are not considered "new" if they have any significant physical depreciation (i.e., newly constructed dwellings that have been vacant for an extended period of time without adequate maintenance or upkeep). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3241188 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 C2 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par The improvements feature no deferred maintenance, little or no physical depreciation, and require no repairs. Virtually all building components are new or have been recently repaired, refinished, or rehabilitated. All outdated components and finishes have
 been updated and/or replaced with components that meet current standards. Dwellings in this category either are almost new or have been recently completely renovated and are similar in condition to new construction. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 C3 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par The improvements are well maintained and feature limited physical depreciation due to normal wear and tear. Some components, but not every major building component, may be updated or recently rehabilitated. The structure has been well maintained. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 C4 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par The improvements feature some minor def
erred maintenance and physical deterioration due to normal wear and tear. The dwelling has been adequately maintained and requires only minimal repairs to building components/mechanical systems and cosmetic repairs. All major building components have been
 adequately maintained and are functionally adequate. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 C5 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par The improvements feature obvious deferred maintenance and are in need of some significant repairs. Some building components need repairs, rehabilitation, or updating. The functional utility and over
all livability is somewhat diminished due to condition, but the dwelling remains useable and functional as a residence. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 C6 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3241188 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
The improvements have substantial damage or deferred maintenance with deficiencies or defects that are severe enough to affect the 
safety, soundness, or structural integrity of the improvements. The improvements are in need of substantial repairs and rehabilitation, including many or most major components.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3241188 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 The appraiser must indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if there has been any material work d
one to the kitchen(s) or bathroom(s) in the prior 15 years. If 'No', the text 'No updates in the prior 15 years' must be provided. If 'Yes', additional information for kitchens and bathrooms must be provided. 
\par Kitchen(s) and Bathroom(s) - Level of Work Com
pleted and Timeframes - The appraiser must identify any work completed in the kitchen(s) and bathroom(s) along with the timeframes in which the work was completed. The appraiser must select one of the values from the lists below for both the kitchen(s) an
d the bathroom(s). 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 Level of Work Completed: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par \'a7 not updated 
\par \tab updated 
\par \tab remodeled 
\par 
\par Definitions for the Level of Work Completed are provided in Exhibit 2: Requirements - Definitions of Not Updated, Updated, and Remodeled. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 Timeframes: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid3241188\charrsid4596429 
\par \'a7 less than one year ago 
\par \tab one to five years ago 
\par \tab six to ten years ago 
\par \tab eleven to fifteen years ago 
\par \tab timeframe unknown 
\par 
\par Timeframes represent the time period in which the majority of the improvements were completed. 
\par Descriptions or Comments - The appraiser must provide a description of the condition of the improvements to the subject property.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3241188 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid8729658\charrsid4596429 
\par }}