{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f268\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f269\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f271\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f272\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f273\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f274\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f275\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f276\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f278\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f279\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f281\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f282\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f283\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f284\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f285\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f286\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid999006\rsid1200850\rsid3345134\rsid4725238\rsid6704967\rsid9833485\rsid10708944\rsid16072509\rsid16342225}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title Line 1 }{\author IT SUPPORT}
{\operator jeff}{\creatim\yr2011\mo6\dy29\hr11\min44}{\revtim\yr2011\mo6\dy29\hr11\min49}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords499}{\nofchars2848}{\nofcharsws3341}{\vern24615}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/o
ffice/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont1\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9833485\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid999006\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16072509 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\cf1\insrsid10708944 Property }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid10708944\charrsid1200850 Construction}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid10708944  Quality}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid10708944 
 Ratings and Definitions}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid10708944\charrsid1200850 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid1200850\charrsid1200850 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 The appraiser must select one quality rating from the list below for the subject property and each comp
arable property. The appraiser must indicate the quality rating that best describes the overall quality of the property. Multiple choices are not permitted. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid1200850\charrsid1200850 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 Q1 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb80\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16072509 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 
Dwellings with this quality rating are usually unique structures that are individually designed by an architect for a specified user. Such residences typically are constructed from detailed architectural plans and specifications and feature an exceptional
l
y high level of workmanship and exceptionally high-grade materials throughout the interior and exterior of the structure. The design features exceptionally high-quality exterior refinements and ornamentation, and exceptionally high-quality interior refine
ments. The workmanship, materials, and finishes throughout the dwelling are of exceptionally high quality. 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16072509 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 Q2 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 
\par Dwellings with this quality rating are often custom designed for construction on an individual property owner's site. However, dwellings in this 
quality grade are also found in high-quality tract developments featuring residences constructed from individual plans or from highly modified or upgraded plans. The design features detailed, high-quality exterior ornamentation, high-quality interior refi
nements, and detail. The workmanship, materials, and finishes throughout the dwelling are generally of high or very high quality. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 Q3 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 
\par Dwellings with this quality rating are residences of higher quality built from individual or readily available de
signer plans in above-standard residential tract developments or on an individual property owner's site. The design includes significant exterior ornamentation and interiors that are well finished. The workmanship exceeds acceptable standards and many mat
erials and finishes throughout the dwelling have been upgraded from "stock" standards. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 Q4 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 
\par Dwellings with this quality rating meet or exceed the requirements of applicable building codes. Standard or modified standard building plans are utilized and the de
sign includes adequate fenestration and some exterior ornamentation and interior refinements. Materials, workmanship, finish, and equipment are of stock or builder grade and may feature some upgrades. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 Q5 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 
\par Dwellings with this quality rating feature economy
 of construction and basic functionality as main considerations. Such dwellings feature a plain design using readily available or basic floor plans featuring minimal fenestration and basic finishes with minimal exterior ornamentation and limited interior 
detail. These dwellings meet minimum building codes and are constructed with inexpensive, stock materials with limited refinements and upgrades. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 Q6 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid16072509\charrsid1200850 Dwellings with this quality rating are of basic quality and lower cost; some may not be suitable for year-r
ound occupancy. Such dwellings are often built with simple plans or without plans, often utilizing the lowest quality building materials. Such dwellings are often built or expanded by persons who are professionally unskilled or possess only minimal constr
uction skills. Electrical, plumbing, and other mechanical systems and equipment may be minimal or non-existent. Older dwellings may feature one or more substandard or non-conforming additions to the original structure.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16072509 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid6704967\charrsid1200850 
\par }}